# Remote-Controlled-EV3Robot
This project required us to design a robot using the parts provided in LEGO Mindstorms EV3 education kit. In particular, we were allowed to use two (2) bricks, one (1) lithium battery, three (3) motors, three (3) wheels, and other sensors included in the kit. The movement of the robot should be controlled using the other brick.
	For this project, my robot was built using two large wheels in the front, and one sphere ball in the back for smooth movement. The wheels are controlled by two motors that are attached to the brick in the body. No specific sensors were required to build this robot, however, a successful Bluetooth connection between two bricks were required for the brick to run properly. 
The remote brick is called sender and the brick used in robot is called receiver. At first, my program waits for a successful Bluetooth connection between the bricks using the NXTConnection class. Now, my sender brick waits for any event for a button to be pressed. So, whenever a button is pressed, and that button is not Escape, my byteArray array record the input button and send it over Bluetooth to the receiver brick. I have used MovePilot Class to control the wheel movement of the robot. Now, when the receiver block received the button press event from the sender, I specified a certain purpose to each event. So, as long as a button is pressed, the robot will keep on moving in the specified direction.  

Discussion and Improvements:
There are certain improvements that could be made to enhance the performance of this robot. One of them is to add a third motor to make the movement of robot smoother. Also, for now, my receiver block only takes one input at a time i.e. I can’t make the robot turn into any direction while it is moving in one specific direction. The robot will completely stop before making any turns. I could improve this factor by designing a mechanism that can take two inputs at the same time.
